## Intro
I am looking to build a 3D cooperative browser game that I can play with my friends remotely. I am taking inspiration from games like Fall Guys, Peak, Only Up, and other recent co-op games that have players control a characters in a shared 3D world (ragdoll physics would also be great to include) and work together to accomplish a common goal. The levels should be procedureally generated, and I will host the game on render.com (which supports Postgres as a backing store natively). I recommend either Python or NodeJS for the backend, whatever you think will be the smoothest for you to iterate on and implement websockets effectively, since the game will be played in realtime. Let's call the game, "Only Us".

## Gameplay
The game should play like a cooperative Only Up and Peak, where all the players are working together to climb a procedurally generated level of random objects (as the level gets higher, it should appear as the players are reaching the atmosphere and eventually into space). Playing a level should start simple and allow players to accomplish most climbing/jumping on their own, but as it progresses, players should have to work together in ways to progress (eg. stand on buttons to extend platforms, grab hold of each other as players leap across gaps, etc.). The levels should be made of random household objects, and change themes as the levels progress upwards (eg. each 10% of the level or so the objects can change from one theme to another, eg. kitchen objects, bedroom objects, bathroom objects, etc.). Every time the objects theme changes, a checkpoint should be present that each player registers as they cross, and if a player falls off and plummets past that checkpoint vertically, they will respawn there.

## UI
The game should be playable in the browser, have a typical game menu that allows a user to create a "Room" or session that up to 3 other players (four total) can join, and then once all players are ready (and have finished customizing their 3D character, purely cosmetic changes) the host can start the game. There should be a timer that ticks up as players play the level, and the goal should be for all players to reach the very top of the level (Marked by a flag on the very top object) in the shortest amount of time possible. 

## Level Design
While the levels should be somewhat procedurally generated, there should be elements that are reused (eg. gaps to jump across, buttons that trigger moving platforms, ropes and ladders that need to be climbed, etc.) that should appear multiple times in the level between objects. There also should be items that players can pick up (and give away to other players if they so choose) that enhance their abilities (eg. give them a double jump, a telescope that lets them zoom and see things far away, a grappling hook they can throw and attach to a far away object and have everyone climb, etc.) These items shoudl be scattered throughout the level, on objects that are out of the way of the normal path upwards.
